hey guys welcome back to let's play
Twilight Princess we have just pretty
much done everything in Snow Peak some
peak ruins rather let's head into the
bedroom now that we finally found the
key and hopefully we'll be able to claim
our mirror shard without any trouble you
know because you know what kind of evil
boss could lurk in a bedroom you know I
mean it just so hopefully the trials of
the dungeons for good enough and we can
just take what's ours or technically I
guess what's there is what we're gonna
make it ours so there and the door opens
again for some reason so this is a
pretty nice bedroom actually it's quite
large it's kind of a nice round open in
the middle sort of thing that's pretty
cool
so here is our piece of the mirror shard
it looks like what we're looking for
pretty much here mirror you look at it
uh yep that's the Marianna can we have
it now oh so pretty yeah that's pretty
cool but I'd like to take it pretty uh
so pretty yeah wait what the crap okay
did I just take the mirror now please I
think I I think I want to just take and
get out of it holy crap not take mirror
all righty then I want out of here right
now oh man this doesn't look good at all
you know what are you doing you were
such a nice person
so basically this is what yet it turns
into this giant ice mass and this is
actually extremely huge you're really
kind of get to see just how huge is we
get in the battle look at this man this
is gonna be like the largest thing link
has ever fought okay well I'm not sure
about that but it's one of the largest
things I could remember so basically
what we want to be doing is just
repeatedly hitting this with a ball and
chain to keep making it a smaller each
time and then once it gets to this point
it's gonna start shooting out many
freezers and you basically just have to
get lucky and you know hope you catch a
gap in them
all right you really want to make sure
that you time where you actually hit it
at with the ball chain because if you
swing while it's like really far away
from you especially once it gets smaller
you'll just miss and leave yourself
pretty much wide open to get hit so
that's the first form and she gets all
crazy on us summons these big ice chunk
things now this mosque it can be a
little annoying but it's actually pretty
easy just you want to count to ten here
one two three four five six seven eight
nine on the tenth turn around and hit
one of them with your ball and chain you
can get two if you're lucky which I
actually was there it's gonna go all
around you in a circle then go through
the gap you created by this drawing one
if you don't destroy one you're pretty
much boxed in and you're basically
forced to take a hit so that's really
just how you deal with this boss it can
be a little bit tricky to actually turn
around
and hit the last one with your ball and
chain because you know like when you saw
when I did the first time I didn't even
turn around to look I just hit back and
then hit the ball and chain but you
pretty much just have to hope you get
lucky there we go got that one pretty
much all you really need to hit this one
you can see in the reflection where the
gap is it's over here this time then we
just hit the main thing with
ball-and-chain one more time after this
one more time after this deployment and
also this music actually I really like
this the music for this boss battle is
pretty cool it's got like a hint of an
organ in it
how cool actually didn't get to that
time all right the gap is over here so
let's make our way through and just one
more hit and take care of this so I
managed to finish both phases of this
boss battle without even taking a hit so
that went quite well I gotta say well
hopefully we don't kill the ADA though I
mean I don't want her to explode she's a
good person
she's a fun character so thankfully
she's just laying there we didn't
actually cause any permanent damage
and now the mirror shard makes itself
apparent here makes itself apparent that
whatever we can see it now it's right
there so we get it and well we have two
mirrors charts now because we already
had the first one that was there so
that's why we have to or not just one so
two more left still I feel bad about the
way we treated that girl to think the
mirror of Twilight has the power to
change people like that this world all
worlds can be cruel indeed they can but
now let's hurry up and collect the rest
of those pieces we have to before more
innocent creatures have to endure the
suffering this poor girl did well she
all right I mean I kind of want I don't
want to just leave her laying here
all right well the ORS yeah no yeah we
haven't gotten our heart container yet
either what's up with this
so this that's what like the third time
he's like knocked us out of the way
Oh Oh what what's wrong with me oh wait
no that was yet not not yet oh very
strange you're just dreaming oh yay tell
me Ruhr you gave forget Murrieta no look
into eyes of yet oh look and reflection
of ietters eyes their true beauty ah who
need mirror
and then we get a heart container made
out of pure love so this is probably the
best heart container that we're ever
going to get first let's pick up all
these hearts yeah all right
I'm collecting the residual parts of
their love or whatever I don't know but
anyway we get a heart container so we're
now up to 14 hearts which is awesome and
they're sitting over here you can talk
to them again they're pretty much stuck
in this little cuddling state here love
you ah love you too and then you get one
more little heart not like you need it
but it's kind of funny I have a bomb no
I'm just kidding I wouldn't be that mean
you're out go throw it over there okay
anyway I'm basically just wasting time
at this point I know we're just at seven
minutes when I'm gonna go ahead and end
the video mostly because it's gonna give
me a chance to save here and everything
will just work out perfectly that way so
in the next part we'll pick up with
whatever we need to do after Snow Peak
so I'm sure there's nothing else we need
to do here and thank you guys for
watching and I'll see you all in the
next part